:lipstick: Accent is now set as default base color theme (#3809)
navikt/Designsystemet: .changeset/plenty-areas-lick.md

---
"@navikt/ds-tokens": minor
---

> Darkside: Set accent as default base color theme.

Author: ```suggestion
Darkside: Set accent color-role as the default color palette.
```
